Ans 1.) B

Ans 2.) C

Ans 3.) A

Ans 4.) A

Ans 5.) D

Ans 6.) A

Ans 7.) B

Ans 8.) C

Ans 9.) A

Ans 10.) Bayes theorem named after 18th-century British mathematician Thomas Bayes, is a mathematical formula for determining conditional probability. Conditional probability is the likelihood of an outcome occurring, based on a previous outcome occurring. Bayes' theorem provides a way to revise existing predictions or theories (update probabilities) given new or additional evidence
Formula For Bayes' Theorem
P(A∣B)=P(B)P(A⋂B)=P(B)P(A)⋅P(B∣A)

Ans 11.) z-score measures the distance between an observation and the mean, measured in units of standard deviation. In other words, z-score is the number of standard deviations there are between a given value and the mean of the data set. The formula for calculating a z-score is is z = (x-μ)/σ.

Ans 12.) t-test is a type of inferential statistic used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two groups, which may be related in certain features. It is mostly used when the data sets, like the data set recorded as the outcome from flipping a coin 100 times, would follow a normal distribution and may have unknown variances. A t-test is used as a hypothesis testing tool, which allows testing of an assumption applicable to a population.

Ans 13.) Percentile is in everyday use but there is no universal definition for it. The most common definition of a percentile is a number where a certain percentage of scores fall below that number. You might know that you scored 67 out of 90 on a test. But that figure has no real meaning unless you know what percentile you fall into. If you know that your score is in the 90th percentile, that means you scored better than 90% of people who took the test.

Ans 14.) Analysis of variance (ANOVA) is a collection of statistical models and their associated estimation procedures (such as the "variation" among and between groups) used to analyze the differences among group means in a sample. ANOVA was developed by the statistician Ronald Fisher. The ANOVA is based on the law of total variance, where the observed variance in a particular variable is partitioned into components attributable to different sources of variation

Ans 15.) ANOVA checks the impact of one or more factors by comparing the means of different samples. We can use ANOVA to prove/disprove if all the medication treatments were equally effective or not.